Not subject to support SLA (#440)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: docs-elastic/index.asciidoc

The provider lets you manage Elastic Cloud deployments as code, and introduce DevOps-driven methodologies to manage and deploy the Elastic Stack and solutions.

> NOTE: The provider is not subject to the support SLA. Users can use the Elastic Cloud APIs or user console directly to perform changes as a workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The provider is not subject to the support service level agreement (SLA.) You can use the Elastic Cloud APIs or user console directly to perform changes as a workaround.
```

Can you add some links here, e.g. to the user console or API docs? I didn't suggest them as I don't actually know what we support for the Terraform provider. (If you'd rather I add the links, just comment here with what they are.)

> IMPORTANT: The provider is not subject to the support service level agreement (SLA.) You can use the [Elastic Cloud APIs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-restful-api.html) or [Elasticsearch Service Console](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-configure-settings.html) directly to perform changes as a workaround.

Author: Added links, WDTY? @nrichers

> IMPORTANT: The provider is not subject to the support service level agreement (SLA.) You can use the [Elastic Cloud APIs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-restful-api.html) or [Elasticsearch Service Console](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-configure-settings.html) directly to perform changes as a workaround.

Reviewer 2: > directly to perform changes as a workaround

For many people this is unlikely to be true. Terraform is often setup as the _only_ way changes can get into production. Intentionally introducing drift from the desired state (as defined in the Terraform resources) can also be a pretty big risk for managed resources, reconciling that drift can easily create outages. I don't think we should casually direct people down this path. 

What's the reason this client is being carved out of the SLA and not Cloud UI?

Author: Thanks for the feedback! This PR is the outcome from an internal discussion thread.  I have looped you in so we can continue to refine the arrangement.
